com/digipro/fesdkcore/elementos_basicos/R.java
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$anim
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$animator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$array
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$attr
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$bool
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$color
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$dimen
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$drawable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$font
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$id
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$integer
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$interpolator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$layout
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$menu
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$plurals
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$raw
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$string
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$style
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$styleable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_basicos.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/zxing/client/android/R.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$attr
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$color
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$id
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$layout
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$raw
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$string
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$style
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$styleable
de/hdodenhof/circleimageview/R.java
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/evrencoskun/tableview/R.java
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$anim
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$attr
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$bool
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$color
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$dimen
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$drawable
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$id
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$integer
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$layout
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$string
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$style
 com.evrencoskun.tableview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/tbruyelle/rxpermissions2/R.java
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$attr
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$bool
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$color
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$dimen
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$drawable
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$id
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$integer
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$layout
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$string
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$style
 com.tbruyelle.rxpermissions2.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
cl/jesualex/stooltip/R.java
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$anim
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$attr
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$bool
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$color
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$dimen
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$drawable
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$id
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$integer
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$layout
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$string
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$style
 cl.jesualex.stooltip.R$styleable
com/marshalchen/ultimaterecyclerview/R.java
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$anim
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$attr
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$bool
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$color
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$dimen
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$drawable
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$id
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$integer
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$layout
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$string
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$style
 com.marshalchen.ultimaterecyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/flags/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.flags.R
com/example/pruebadigipro/Expedientes.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes$1
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes$2
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes$3
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes$4
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes$5
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Expedientes$6
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/nex3z/notificationbadge/R.java
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$anim
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$attr
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$bool
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$color
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$dimen
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$drawable
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$id
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$integer
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$layout
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$string
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$style
 com.nex3z.notificationbadge.R$styleable
com/gemalto/wsq/R.java
 com.gemalto.wsq.R
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$anim
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$attr
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$bool
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$color
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$dimen
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$drawable
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$id
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$integer
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$layout
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$string
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$style
 com.gemalto.wsq.R$styleable
com/google/android/libraries/places/R.java
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$color
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$dimen
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$drawable
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$id
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$layout
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$raw
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$string
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$style
com/example/pruebadigipro/MainActivity.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.MainActivity
 com.example.pruebadigipro.MainActivity$1
com/otaliastudios/opengl/R.java
 com.otaliastudios.opengl.R
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$bool
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/afollestad/easyvideoplayer/R.java
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$anim
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$attr
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$bool
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$color
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$dimen
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$drawable
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$id
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$integer
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$layout
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$string
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$style
 com.afollestad.easyvideoplayer.R$styleable
com/izikode/izilib/veinview/R.java
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$anim
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$attr
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$bool
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$color
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$dimen
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$drawable
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$id
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$integer
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$layout
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$raw
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$string
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$style
 com.izikode.izilib.veinview.R$styleable
com/example/pruebadigipro/Login.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Login
 com.example.pruebadigipro.Login$1
com/joanzapata/iconify/material/R.java
 com.joanzapata.iconify.material.R
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
androidx/databinding/library/R.java
 androidx.databinding.library.R
 androidx.databinding.library.R$id
com/otaliastudios/cameraview/R.java
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$attr
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$color
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$dimen
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$drawable
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$id
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$integer
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$layout
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$string
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$style
 com.otaliastudios.cameraview.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/github/clans/fab/R.java
 com.github.clans.fab.R
 com.github.clans.fab.R$anim
 com.github.clans.fab.R$animator
 com.github.clans.fab.R$attr
 com.github.clans.fab.R$bool
 com.github.clans.fab.R$color
 com.github.clans.fab.R$dimen
 com.github.clans.fab.R$drawable
 com.github.clans.fab.R$id
 com.github.clans.fab.R$integer
 com.github.clans.fab.R$interpolator
 com.github.clans.fab.R$layout
 com.github.clans.fab.R$plurals
 com.github.clans.fab.R$string
 com.github.clans.fab.R$style
 com.github.clans.fab.R$styleable
 com.github.clans.fab.R$xml
com/huawei/hms/mlsdk/face/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$color
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$dimen
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$drawable
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$id
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$layout
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$string
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$style
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.face.R$xml
com/mreram/ticketview/R.java
 com.mreram.ticketview.R
 com.mreram.ticketview.R$attr
 com.mreram.ticketview.R$string
 com.mreram.ticketview.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/archit/calendardaterangepicker/R.java
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$anim
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$array
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$attr
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$bool
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$color
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$dimen
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$drawable
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$id
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$integer
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$layout
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$string
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$style
 com.archit.calendardaterangepicker.R$styleable
com/theartofdev/edmodo/cropper/R.java
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$anim
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$attr
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$bool
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$color
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$dimen
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$drawable
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$id
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$integer
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$layout
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$menu
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$string
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$style
 com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
ru/kolotnev/formattedittext/R.java
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$anim
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$attr
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$bool
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$color
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$dimen
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$drawable
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$id
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$integer
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$layout
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$string
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$style
 ru.kolotnev.formattedittext.R$styleable
com/andrognito/flashbar/R.java
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$anim
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$attr
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$bool
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$color
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$dimen
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$drawable
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$id
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$integer
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$layout
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$string
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$style
 com.andrognito.flashbar.R$styleable
com/huawei/updatesdk/R.java
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$color
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$dimen
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$drawable
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$id
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$layout
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$string
 com.huawei.updatesdk.R$style
com/shockwave/pdfium/R.java
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$string
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
com/example/pruebadigipro/App.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.App
com/google/android/gms/analyticsservices/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.analyticsservices.R
com/digipro/fesdkcore/elementos_huella/R.java
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$anim
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$animator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$array
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$attr
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$bool
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$color
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$dimen
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$drawable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$font
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$id
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$integer
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$interpolator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$layout
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$menu
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$plurals
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$raw
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$string
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$style
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$styleable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_huella.R$xml
androidx/work/R.java
 androidx.work.R
 androidx.work.R$attr
 androidx.work.R$bool
 androidx.work.R$color
 androidx.work.R$dimen
 androidx.work.R$drawable
 androidx.work.R$id
 androidx.work.R$integer
 androidx.work.R$layout
 androidx.work.R$string
 androidx.work.R$style
 androidx.work.R$styleable
uk/co/senab/photoview/R.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.R
rx/android/R.java
 rx.android.R
com/example/pruebadigipro/R.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$anim
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$animator
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$array
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$attr
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$bool
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$color
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$dimen
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$drawable
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$font
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$id
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$integer
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$interpolator
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$layout
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$menu
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$mipmap
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$plurals
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$raw
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$string
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$style
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$styleable
 com.example.pruebadigipro.R$xml
com/google/firebase/encoders/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.R
com/google/firebase/inappmessaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$bool
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$color
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$id
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$string
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$style
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/vision_common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision_common.R
com/google/android/gms/phenotype/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.phenotype.R
com/omadahealth/github/swipyrefreshlayout/library/R.java
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$anim
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$attr
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$bool
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$color
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$dimen
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$drawable
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$id
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$integer
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$layout
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$string
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$style
 com.omadahealth.github.swipyrefreshlayout.library.R$styleable
me/zhanghai/android/materialprogressbar/R.java
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style
 me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable
in/aabhasjindal/otptextview/R.java
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$anim
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$attr
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$bool
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$color
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$dimen
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$drawable
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$id
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$integer
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$layout
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$string
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$style
 in.aabhasjindal.otptextview.R$styleable
com/danikula/videocache/R.java
 com.danikula.videocache.R
com/github/gcacace/signaturepad/R.java
 com.github.gcacace.signaturepad.R
 com.github.gcacace.signaturepad.R$attr
 com.github.gcacace.signaturepad.R$id
 com.github.gcacace.signaturepad.R$styleable
nl/psdcompany/psd/duonavigationdrawer/R.java
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$anim
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$attr
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$bool
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$color
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$dimen
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$drawable
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$id
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$integer
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$interpolator
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$layout
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$string
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$style
 nl.psdcompany.psd.duonavigationdrawer.R$styleable
com/amulyakhare/textdrawable/R.java
 com.amulyakhare.textdrawable.R
io/github/mthli/sugartask/R.java
 io.github.mthli.sugartask.R
 io.github.mthli.sugartask.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/huawei/hms/framework/common/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.framework.common.R
 com.huawei.hms.framework.common.R$string
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
io/codetail/animation/R.java
 io.codetail.animation.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
in/srain/cube/views/ptr/R.java
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R$attr
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R$drawable
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R$id
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R$layout
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R$string
 in.srain.cube.views.ptr.R$styleable
com/jakewharton/rxbinding/R.java
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.R
com/steelkiwi/cropiwa/R.java
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$anim
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$attr
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$bool
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$color
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$dimen
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$drawable
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$id
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$integer
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$layout
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$string
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$style
 com.steelkiwi.cropiwa.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
com/huawei/hms/ml/common/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.ml.common.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
ng/max/slideview/R.java
 ng.max.slideview.R
 ng.max.slideview.R$anim
 ng.max.slideview.R$attr
 ng.max.slideview.R$bool
 ng.max.slideview.R$color
 ng.max.slideview.R$dimen
 ng.max.slideview.R$drawable
 ng.max.slideview.R$id
 ng.max.slideview.R$integer
 ng.max.slideview.R$layout
 ng.max.slideview.R$string
 ng.max.slideview.R$style
 ng.max.slideview.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/huawei/hmf/tasks/R.java
 com.huawei.hmf.tasks.R
com/roughike/bottombar/R.java
 com.roughike.bottombar.R
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$anim
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$animator
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$attr
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$bool
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$color
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$dimen
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$drawable
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$id
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$integer
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$layout
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$string
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$style
 com.roughike.bottombar.R$styleable
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/digipro/fesdkcore/elementos_rostro/R.java
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$anim
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$animator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$array
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$attr
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$bool
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$color
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$dimen
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$drawable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$font
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$id
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$integer
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$interpolator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$layout
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$menu
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$plurals
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$raw
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$string
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$style
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$styleable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_rostro.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/scottyab/rootbeer/R.java
 com.scottyab.rootbeer.R
 com.scottyab.rootbeer.R$string
com/google/firebase/crashlytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$color
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$id
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$string
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$style
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$styleable
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/deskode/recorddialog/R.java
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$anim
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$animator
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$attr
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$bool
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$color
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$dimen
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$drawable
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$id
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$integer
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$layout
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$raw
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$string
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$style
 com.deskode.recorddialog.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
at/blogc/expandabletextview/R.java
 at.blogc.expandabletextview.R
 at.blogc.expandabletextview.R$attr
 at.blogc.expandabletextview.R$string
 at.blogc.expandabletextview.R$styleable
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
 androidx.room.R$attr
 androidx.room.R$color
 androidx.room.R$dimen
 androidx.room.R$drawable
 androidx.room.R$id
 androidx.room.R$integer
 androidx.room.R$layout
 androidx.room.R$string
 androidx.room.R$style
 androidx.room.R$styleable
com/example/pruebadigipro/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.BuildConfig
com/google/android/gms/vision/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.R
com/wdullaer/materialdatetimepicker/R.java
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$anim
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$attr
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$bool
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$color
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$dimen
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$drawable
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$font
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$id
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$integer
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$layout
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$string
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$style
 com.wdullaer.materialdatetimepicker.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/clearcut/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.clearcut.R
androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
com/joanzapata/android/iconify/R.java
 com.joanzapata.android.iconify.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/huawei/agconnect/core/R.java
 com.huawei.agconnect.core.R
com/digipro/fesdkcore/R.java
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$anim
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$animator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$array
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$attr
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$bool
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$color
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$dimen
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$drawable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$font
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$id
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$integer
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$interpolator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$layout
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$menu
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$plurals
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$raw
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$string
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$style
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$styleable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.R$xml
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/huawei/android/hms/base/R.java
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$color
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$dimen
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$drawable
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$id
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$layout
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$string
 com.huawei.android.hms.base.R$style
com/afollestad/materialcamera/R.java
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$anim
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$attr
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$bool
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$color
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$dimen
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$drawable
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$id
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$integer
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$layout
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$string
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$style
 com.afollestad.materialcamera.R$styleable
com/huawei/hms/feature/dynamic/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.feature.dynamic.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/manojbhadane/genericadapter/R.java
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$anim
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$attr
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$bool
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$color
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$dimen
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$drawable
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$id
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$integer
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$layout
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$string
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$style
 com.manojbhadane.genericadapter.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/github/barteksc/pdfviewer/R.java
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$attr
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$drawable
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/bartoszlipinski/viewpropertyobjectanimator/R.java
 com.bartoszlipinski.viewpropertyobjectanimator.R
 com.bartoszlipinski.viewpropertyobjectanimator.R$string
com/huawei/hms/mlkit/common/ha/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.common.ha.R
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.common.ha.R$string
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/R.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id
androidx/legacy/v13/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v13.R
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v13.R$styleable
com/github/jorgecastilloprz/library/R.java
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$attr
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$color
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$dimen
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$drawable
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$id
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$integer
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$layout
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$string
 com.github.jorgecastilloprz.library.R$styleable
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
com/android/volley/R.java
 com.android.volley.R
com/karumi/dexter/R.java
 com.karumi.dexter.R
 com.karumi.dexter.R$anim
 com.karumi.dexter.R$animator
 com.karumi.dexter.R$attr
 com.karumi.dexter.R$bool
 com.karumi.dexter.R$color
 com.karumi.dexter.R$dimen
 com.karumi.dexter.R$drawable
 com.karumi.dexter.R$id
 com.karumi.dexter.R$integer
 com.karumi.dexter.R$interpolator
 com.karumi.dexter.R$layout
 com.karumi.dexter.R$string
 com.karumi.dexter.R$style
 com.karumi.dexter.R$styleable
com/hlab/fabrevealmenu/R.java
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$anim
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$attr
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$bool
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$color
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$dimen
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$drawable
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$id
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$integer
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$layout
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$string
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$style
 com.hlab.fabrevealmenu.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tagmanager_legacy/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tagmanager_legacy.R
com/shuyu/waveview/R.java
 com.shuyu.waveview.R
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$anim
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$attr
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$bool
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$color
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$dimen
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$drawable
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$id
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$integer
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$layout
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$string
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$style
 com.shuyu.waveview.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
me/leolin/shortcutbadger/R.java
 me.leolin.shortcutbadger.R
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
butterknife/R.java
 butterknife.R
 butterknife.R$attr
 butterknife.R$color
 butterknife.R$dimen
 butterknife.R$drawable
 butterknife.R$id
 butterknife.R$integer
 butterknife.R$layout
 butterknife.R$string
 butterknife.R$style
 butterknife.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
omrecorder/R.java
 omrecorder.R
 omrecorder.R$string
com/digipro/fesdkcore/elementos_anexo/R.java
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$anim
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$animator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$array
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$attr
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$bool
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$color
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$dimen
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$drawable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$font
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$id
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$integer
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$interpolator
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$layout
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$menu
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$mipmap
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$plurals
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$raw
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$string
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$style
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$styleable
 com.digipro.fesdkcore.elementos_anexo.R$xml
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
github/nisrulz/easydeviceinfo/common/R.java
 github.nisrulz.easydeviceinfo.common.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/yarolegovich/discretescrollview/R.java
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$anim
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$attr
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$bool
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$color
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$dimen
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$drawable
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$id
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$integer
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$layout
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$string
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$style
 com.yarolegovich.discretescrollview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
com/jakewharton/rxbinding/support/design/R.java
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$anim
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$attr
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$bool
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$color
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$dimen
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$drawable
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$id
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$integer
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$layout
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$string
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$style
 com.jakewharton.rxbinding.support.design.R$styleable
com/luseen/spacenavigation/R.java
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$anim
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$attr
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$bool
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$color
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$dimen
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$drawable
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$id
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$integer
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$layout
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$string
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$style
 com.luseen.spacenavigation.R$styleable
es/dmoral/toasty/R.java
 es.dmoral.toasty.R
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$anim
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$attr
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$bool
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$color
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$dimen
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$drawable
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$id
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$integer
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$layout
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$string
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$style
 es.dmoral.toasty.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/jakewharton/threetenabp/R.java
 com.jakewharton.threetenabp.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/safetynet/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.safetynet.R
com/huawei/hms/mlkit/face/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.face.R
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.face.R$color
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.face.R$drawable
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.face.R$mipmap
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.face.R$raw
 com.huawei.hms.mlkit.face.R$string
com/scottyab/showhidepasswordedittext/R.java
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$anim
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$attr
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$bool
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$color
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$dimen
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$drawable
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$id
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$integer
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$layout
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$string
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$style
 com.scottyab.showhidepasswordedittext.R$styleable
com/example/pruebadigipro/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.example.pruebadigipro.DataBindingInfo
com/google/android/gms/analyticsservices_app_library/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.analyticsservices_app_library.R
io/codetail/view/R.java
 io.codetail.view.R
com/afollestad/materialdialogs/R.java
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$anim
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$attr
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$bool
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$color
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$dimen
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$drawable
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$id
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$integer
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$layout
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$string
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$style
 com.afollestad.materialdialogs.R$styleable
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
dagger/android/support/R.java
 dagger.android.support.R
 dagger.android.support.R$anim
 dagger.android.support.R$attr
 dagger.android.support.R$bool
 dagger.android.support.R$color
 dagger.android.support.R$dimen
 dagger.android.support.R$drawable
 dagger.android.support.R$id
 dagger.android.support.R$integer
 dagger.android.support.R$layout
 dagger.android.support.R$string
 dagger.android.support.R$style
 dagger.android.support.R$styleable
com/huawei/hms/mlsdk/common/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.common.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
io/nlopez/smartlocation/R.java
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$attr
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$color
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$dimen
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$drawable
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$id
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$integer
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$layout
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$string
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$styleable
com/huawei/hms/framework/network/grs/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.framework.network.grs.R
 com.huawei.hms.framework.network.grs.R$string
butterknife/runtime/R.java
 butterknife.runtime.R
 butterknife.runtime.R$attr
 butterknife.runtime.R$color
 butterknife.runtime.R$dimen
 butterknife.runtime.R$drawable
 butterknife.runtime.R$id
 butterknife.runtime.R$integer
 butterknife.runtime.R$layout
 butterknife.runtime.R$string
 butterknife.runtime.R$style
 butterknife.runtime.R$styleable
com/sothree/slidinguppanel/library/R.java
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$attr
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$bool
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$color
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$dimen
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$drawable
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$id
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$integer
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$layout
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$string
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$style
 com.sothree.slidinguppanel.library.R$styleable
com/transitionseverywhere/R.java
 com.transitionseverywhere.R
 com.transitionseverywhere.R$attr
 com.transitionseverywhere.R$id
 com.transitionseverywhere.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
com/google/firebase/inappmessaging/display/R.java
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$anim
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$bool
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$color
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$id
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$string
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$style
 com.google.firebase.inappmessaging.display.R$styleable
net/yslibrary/android/keyboardvisibilityevent/R.java
 net.yslibrary.android.keyboardvisibilityevent.R
com/huawei/hms/mlsdk/R.java
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$color
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$dimen
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$drawable
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$id
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$layout
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$string
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$style
 com.huawei.hms.mlsdk.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/vicmikhailau/maskededittext/R.java
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$anim
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$attr
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$bool
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$color
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$dimen
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$drawable
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$id
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$integer
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$interpolator
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$layout
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$string
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$style
 com.vicmikhailau.maskededittext.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
dagger/android/R.java
 dagger.android.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/google/android/gms/location/places/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$string
jp/wasabeef/recyclerview/R.java
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$anim
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$attr
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$bool
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$color
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$dimen
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$drawable
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$id
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$integer
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$layout
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$string
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$style
 jp.wasabeef.recyclerview.R$styleable
io/reactivex/android/R.java
 io.reactivex.android.R
github/nisrulz/easydeviceinfo/base/R.java
 github.nisrulz.easydeviceinfo.base.R
com/arlib/floatingsearchview/R.java
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$anim
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$animator
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$attr
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$bool
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$color
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$dimen
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$drawable
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$id
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$integer
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$layout
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$string
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$style
 com.arlib.floatingsearchview.R$styleable
io/rmiri/buttonloading/R.java
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$anim
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$attr
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$bool
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$color
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$dimen
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$drawable
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$id
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$integer
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$layout
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$string
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$style
 io.rmiri.buttonloading.R$styleable
